So the first thing we want to do is invoke our getInitialData
function so that way we are getting back the initial data that our application needs.
So, what we'll do first is we will go ahead and build out a new actions folder,
and inside of here we're going to have a few different files,
we will have an authedUser.js,
we're also going to have a shared.js,
then we will have a tweets.js,
so it'll be all the actions related to our tweets,
and then we will also have an action's file for our users.
So, what we'll do first is inside of shared we want to first
import that getInitialData function coming from util/api,
and now what we want to do is we want to export a function,
we'll call it handle handleInitialData,
and this function is going to use
the Redux return pattern because we want
to make an asynchronous request inside of this function.
So, what we will do is we will call getInitialData,
that will then return us a promise
which will pass to us an object that has a user's property, as well as,
a tweets property, and then now what we want to do is we want to take our users,
and take our tweets, and add them to the state of our Redux store.
So to do that, we will need to dispatch a few different actions.
So, what we'll do is let's head over to tweets.js first,
and we're going to export a new variable here that we're going to call RECEIVE_ TWEETS.
So this is going to be the action type,
when we receive and dispatch all of our tweets to update our store.
Then the function that we want to export will be called receiveTweets,
this will return an object or the action with a type of RECEIVE_ TWEETS,
and then we will pass any tweets here,
as the first argument,
when this function is invoked.
So now, we have a receiveTweets action creator,
let's go ahead and do something similar for our users.
So, the action type that's going to occur when we receive our users,
we will say is receiveUsers,
and then we want to export the receiveUsers action creator with a type of RECEIVE_USERS,
and then we will pass along the users as well.
So now what we can do inside of shared.js,
we can import both of those different action creators.
So we'll grab receiveUsers,
which is coming from action/users,
and then we also have receiveTweets coming from action/tweets.
So, now we can do inside of our function that we're
passing to.then is we can call dispatch,
receiveUsers passing it to users,
and we can also call dispatch,
receiveTweets passing at the tweets,
and even though we haven't set up our reducers yet to actually handle these dispatches,
we'll go ahead and do that in a few of the next videos.